update guideline link to Linux Foundation (#3774)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/about/community.md

## Kubeflow Trademark

> The Kubeflow trademark and logos are registered trademarks of Google, please review the [Kubeflow Brand Guidelines](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/legal/trademark-usage) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kubeflow trademark and logos are registered trademarks of the Linux Foundation, please review the [Kubeflow Brand Guidelines](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/legal/trademark-usage) for more information.
```
